AirFlowA=Air Flow:
AirFlowB=Air Flow:
AHU (2)=AHU:An air-handling unit (AHU) is composed of fans, coils, filters, and other parts that are utilized to condition fresh air streams as part of the HVAC system. AHUs arfe connected to ductwork that distributes and circulates the conditioned air throughout the building and returns it back to the unit. The AHU drawss in fresh air and mixes it with return air from the building to reduce the cooling or heating loads. The size of an AHU varies greatly depending on the amount of air passing through the unity. In large buildings, AHU are generally located in one central equipment room or in several separate, smaller mechanical rooms.
ERV=ERV:An Energy Recovery Systems is a mechanical device that captures heat from exhaust air and transfers its energy to air or water in order to reduce heating and cooling loads of a building. During cold winter months, the Energy Recovery System captures heat from the warm interior exhaust air and uses it to warm the fresh cool air intake.  In summer months, the system captures energy from the exhaust air and uses it for pre-cooling and dehumidifying the air intake. Energy Recovery Systems reduce the energy cost for Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioning of buildings.  
Generator=Generator:
R-ValueA=R-Value:R value is the capacity of a material to resist heat transfer through conduction, convection and radiation. In other words, R value measures a material’s resistance to heat transfer. A higher the R-value indicates a better thermal performance of the material. The unit for R-value is degree Fahrenheit square feet hours per Btu (°F. ft².h/Btu). The total R value of a wall system or a building enclosure system can be obtained by adding the R value of each individual material used in the assembly.
R-ValueB=R-Value:R value is the capacity of a material to resist heat transfer through conduction, convection and radiation. In other words, R value measures a material’s resistance to heat transfer. A higher the R-value indicates a better thermal performance of the material. The unit for R-value is degree Fahrenheit square feet hours per Btu (°F. ft².h/Btu). The total R value of a wall system or a building enclosure system can be obtained by adding the R value of each individual material used in the assembly.
EEA=EE:Embodied energy is the amount of energy used to extract, produce, and distribute a material to the location of use. The units for embodied energy are expressed as Btu per unit of weight (lb) or per unit area (square foot). The embodied energy of a building enclosure system can be estimated by the summation of the embodied energy values of each individual material used in the system or the assembly. 
EEB=EE:Embodied energy is the amount of energy used to extract, produce, and distribute a material to the location of use. The units for embodied energy are expressed as Btu per unit of weight (lb) or per unit area (square foot). The embodied energy of a building enclosure system can be estimated by the summation of the embodied energy values of each individual material used in the system or the assembly. 
SHGCA=SHGC:Heat gain from solar radiation can be measured by the Solar Heat Gain Coefficient. SHGC is a measure of how well glass can block heat from the sun light. It indicates the fraction of solar radiation that is admitted through glass with a value between 0.0 and 0.87. A larger SHGC number indicates a better capacity to block solar radiation. 
SHGCB=SHGC:Heat gain from solar radiation can be measured by the Solar Heat Gain Coefficient. SHGC is a measure of how well glass can block heat from the sun light. It indicates the fraction of solar radiation that is admitted through glass with a value between 0.0 and 0.87. A larger SHGC number indicates a better capacity to block solar radiation. 
BeamA=Beam:
BeamB=Beam:
ColumnA=Column:
ColumnB=Column:
SLAB=SLAB:In composite construction, the integral connection of the concrete deck slab and the steel framing provides resistance to the slippage of the concrete slab relative to the beams. As a result, the deck slab and the steel beams act in unison to resist the load and the horizontal shear forces. In this monolithic construction, the deck slab is no longer considered as a dead load resting on the beam, but as a load-carrying component of the entire assembly.
DiagonalWeb=Diagonal Web:
Foundation=Foundation: